dead spirit thats die from toturing by watching too much meme
part 1, your a big meme guy, 


IDEA:
Spirit = luck.....

afternoon

your friends is in the hospital right now and he is asking you to get his phone and wallet in his house for him. luckily, your friend house in on the way back home and the hospital in close to your house so you decided to get it for him. when you went to his apartment, there was a factury that has recently has been abandon. you thought nothing much about it and went to get the stuff for your friend but then, when you were about to get out of the house, the door and window suddenly turn into a brick, the light of the house was cut. you use your phone to call for your friend but he never ask you for any favour and then the phone suddenly cut off. you tried to call your friends again but the phone signal is jam. you use your phone flash light, you also brought a power bank with you. you decided to wonder the house

part 2

you tried to find a way out and when to the 地下　of the house and found that a part of the wall looks very off, it looks like someone has duk a whole here before and was resigntly covered up by someone, you look down on the floor and saw what seem to look like a blood stain. you randomly press your hand on that part of the wall and it rip a small opening hole on the wall. looks as if you can crow in it. 

part 3 ending

you decided not to go in the hole and decided to wait hoping this was all still a dream. night time later, you woke up to find that a police has come to save you. When you and your friends broke of the call, he decide to call you again many time but you didnt pick up the call. he was thinking of call the police right away but think that your phone has ran out of battery so he decide to wait to call you agian at night time. when night time has come, he decided to call you again but you didnt pick up the phone so he decideded to call the police. 
When you went back home, you always thought about that place, the hole in the wall, what is it, where did it lead to? all this question in the your head. Should i go back and find out. 
ENDING.

part 3 continouse

